Add WebSockets event stream and JSONL download (#685)
irrdnet/irrd: docs/users/queries/event-stream.rst

============
Event Stream
============

> IRRd offers an WebSocket event stream of push messages for all changes

Author: ```suggestion
IRRd offers an event stream over WebSocket with push messages for all changes
```

to IRR objects. In the future, this may contain other events in IRRd.
There is also an HTTP request to retrieve an initial copy of the IRR data
for clients who want to maintain their own state.

This may seem similar to :doc:`mirroring </users/mirroring>`, but there
are several major differences:

* Mirroring is completely separated by IRR source, where the event stream has
  one stream per IRRd instance.
* Mirroring is intended for large numbers of clients, where the event stream
  does not scale as well in the current design.
* The mirroring protocols are complex to implement, and are typically only
  used between IRRd instances. The event stream uses WebSocket, JSON and
  JSONL, making it easier to integrate with other systems.

> 

Author: + reduced latency
